Dear hiring team, 
Please allow me to introduce myself. My name is Teo, and I’m a recent graduate from the Technical University of Munich, holding both BS and MS degrees in Electrical and Computer Engineering.
I like to think of myself as being versatile in the workplace, both as a problem-solver and engineer, as well as in the relationships I build with people across the organization. In my previous cybersecurity role at Celonis, which was in a hyper-growth environment (5x in my team alone during my time there), I was often given just a list of goals and a few new contacts to work with (sometimes several timezones away). This helped me find comfort when navigating uncertain scenarios, and allowed me to learn how to construct productive and value- driven working relationships across corporate hierarchies and cultures, respectively. I worked on BC/DR projects, internal audits, and the successful implementation of an ISMS, as well as multiple passed SOC 2 external audits. I was also involved with internal training and phishing training, as well as early-stage incident response. Moreover, I gained exposure to both application security, and multi-cloud environments. I can discuss about this at length during a phone call. Finally, effective, intercultural and professional communication was also required in my role as a student assistant at the TUM, where I helped the teaching staff break down complex engineering and IT issues to highly diverse groups of students.
This work experience is rounded by my education at the TUM, where I specialized in machine learning snf C/C++ programming on the one hand, and cybersecurity on the other hand. Although it’s densely packed, I attempted to paint an accurate picture of my technical background in my resume, including both my technical projects from throughout university, as well as my work experience at my previous employer. I have the right to work in the UK via the HPI route and will not require sponsorship at this time.
All in all, I’d like to further my career in a place where complex, technical, cross- departmental projects are brought to life. I'd love to work with you during the next phase of my security career!